---
layout: page
title: University Qualifications and Certifications
permalink: /education/
---

# University Qualifications

## Doctor of Philosophy (August 2016 to September 2022)
**University**: The University of Queensland.

**Thesis Title**: Doctor of Philosophy, Crosschain Communications: Blockchain Discovery, Atomic Crosschain Function Calls, & State Pinning.

**Thesis on UQ eSpace**: [https://espace.library.uq.edu.au/view/UQ:250c9d2](https://espace.library.uq.edu.au/view/UQ:250c9d2).

**Thesis Abstract**: Crosschain Communications allows functionality that resides on one blockchain to access functionality and data that resides on other blockchains. This is important as it enables applications to be distributed across blockchains. This thesis describes four new crosschain communications protocols that facilitate secure communications across blockchains: Ethereum Registration Authority (ERA), Atomic Cross- chain Transactions for Ethereum Private Sidechains (ACTEPS), General Purpose Atomic Crosschain Transactions (GPACT), and Anonymous State Pinning. This thesis presents the design of each protocol, a security analysis and performance results generated by implementations of the protocols. These implementations are publicly available in GitHub repositories.Crosschain Communications allows functionality that resides on one blockchain to access functionality and data that resides on other blockchains. This is important as it enables applications to be distributed across blockchains. This thesis describes four new crosschain communications protocols that facilitate secure communications across blockchains: Ethereum Registration Authority (ERA), Atomic Cross- chain Transactions for Ethereum Private Sidechains (ACTEPS), General Purpose Atomic Crosschain Transactions (GPACT), and Anonymous State Pinning. This thesis presents the design of each protocol, a security analysis and performance results generated by implementations of the protocols. These implementations are publicly available in GitHub repositories.


## Masters of Business Administration (March 1999 to February 2003)
**University**: Queensland University of Technology.

**Majors**: Project Management, Leadership and Entrepreneurship.


## Masters of Telecommunications Engineering (March 1993 to December 1995)
**University**: University of Wollongong.

**Thesis Title**: Optimized Tree Structured Vector Quantization for Image Compression.

**Course Work Majors**: Telecommunications, Image Processing, Digital Signal Processing, Artificial Intelligence.


## Postgraduate Certificate (June to August 1992)
**University**: International Space University.

**Major**: Satellite Communications

**Group Report**: ISUNet, available here: https://isulibrary.isunet.edu/doc_num.php?explnum_id=428. The report was co-authored by a group of approximately twenty students. I recall writing Section 6.2.3, on Virtual and Created Reality (P6-10). This describes using Augmented Reality to communicate. 


## Bachelor of Computer Engineering (March 1986 - November 1989)
**University**: Queensland University of Technology.

**Majors**: Digital Electronics, Telecommunications, and Signal Processing


# Certifications

## Certified Scrum MasterCertified Scrum Master
**Certifying Authority**: Scrum Alliance.

**Date Issued**: July 2015.

**Credential ID**: 000435747

## Project Management Professional
**Certifying Authority**: Project Management Institute.

**Date Issued**: January 2004.

